Flow variable update (#852)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow: docs/user/FlowVariables.md

| `MACRO_BLOCKAGE_HALO` | Blockage width overridden from default calculation.                                                                                                                              |
| `PDN_CFG`             | File path which has a set of power grid policies used by `pdn` to be applied to the design, such as layers to use, stripe width and spacing to generate the actual metal straps. |
| `MAKE_TRACKS`         | Tcl file that defines add routing tracks to a floorplan.                                                                                                                         |
| `IO_PLACER_H`         | The metal layer on which to place the I/O pins horizontally (top and bottom of the die).                                                                                         |
| `IO_PLACER_V`         | The metal layer on which to place the I/O pins vertically (sides of the die).                                                                                                    |

> | `GALLERY_REPORT`      | Enables to dump layout in .def extension. Default disabled.                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: The gallery report is mostly for internal use (project reporting) so I wouldn't bother to document it for users.

|--------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `HAS_IO_CONSTRAINTS`                 | Skip the initial non-IO based global placement if IO constraints are present.                 		                                       |
| `CELL_PAD_IN_SITES_GLOBAL_PLACEMENT` | Cell padding on both sides in site widths to ease routability during global placement.                 		                       |
| `CELL_PAD_IN_SITES_DETAIL_PLACEMENT` | Cell padding on both sides in site widths to ease routability in detail placement.			                                       |
| `PLACE_DENSITY`                      | The desired placement density of cells. It reflects how spread the cells would be on the core area. 1.0 = closely dense. 0.0 = widely spread. |
| `PLACE_DENSITY_LB_ADDON`             | Check the lower boundary of the PLACE_DENSITY and add PLACE_DENSITY_LB_ADDON if it exists.                                                    |

> | `REPAIR_PDN_VIA_LAYER`               | To remove vias which generate DRC violations after detailed placement and routing.                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `REPAIR_PDN_VIA_LAYER`               | Remove power grid vias which generate DRC violations after detailed routing.                                                            |

```

| `GLOBAL_PLACEMENT_ARGS`              | Use additional tuning parameters during global placement other than default args defined in gloabl_place.tcl.                                 |
| `ENABLE_DPO`                         | Enable detail placement with improve_placement feature.                                                                                       |

> | `DPO_MAX_DISPLACEMENT`               | Specifies how far an instance can be moved when finding a site where it can be placed.                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DPO_MAX_DISPLACEMENT`               | Specifies how far an instance can be moved when optimizing.                                                        |

```

> | `GPL_TIMING_DRIVEN`                  | Specifies whether the placer should use time driven placement.                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `GPL_TIMING_DRIVEN`                  | Specifies whether the placer should use timing driven placement.                                                                                |

```
